hi everyone choose the 29th of April
without some topsoil and some mineral
delivered so I'm just going to give you
a quick look around here with a quick
tour and I'll show you what I've done
okay so if you remember the borders that
I put in I'm in the greenhouse I have
now filled them with a mixture of
topsoil and when you're a little tiny
little bed step without the dough is a
little bit better it's going all the way
around the back here and it should help
the grapevine out I was talking to one
day the other day if anyone's got any
tips and advice I think he said Paul and
Sheffield cats cats I think his name is
on the YouTube if you can give us some
advice on this and anyone who knows what
they're doing with grapes this lot is
last year's growth and obviously the
green stuff is this year's do I keep the
grapes on the new stuff the old stuff
what do i trim off yeah got it blue so
if anyone can give me a lift on that and
okay celery up I'll be pinching that out
soon and pipe it onto the pots garden
peas her screen shaft I think my
impatience is gonna turn around and bite
me on the backside these are my French
climbing beans cabra
when we're getting a frost on the
weekend they might survive in it I don't
know I'm gonna try maybe put them out if
not I'll start them again like I said
with the runner beans
I've got a few runner beans left um
bloody parsnips down our allotment guru
Hope in Yorkshire a bag on say they down
if this does not work I'm gonna do it
your wearable debt I've got to of fired
three I think that one there come that
one but I'm growing more mushrooms bath
nips and I am doing this out a lot for
this die the only way I might have to go
out and buy some plug plants passing the
floor plans I'm doing this for my
beautiful new wife otherwise I would
give up on it but she loves them and
I love us all we can't do that come away
right let me just show you what about
delivered today I have had two tons of
topsoil it's almost gone and once on of
manure and that's all just gone in the
bodies he came down here and just dumped
it on this grass for me which is very
kind of him and all this early it's
gonna get tidied up now this is my next
term next venture the compost bins are
all gonna get done okay I am just
filling these two beds now I've got a
bit left
sweet Karl and collard greens I'm not
gonna do my southern American accents
again and that's where them so we're
gonna go quick look at what's going on
okay quick look around don't read well
though I'm not good with that I don't
have to you know everything's gonna be
planted in my cucumbers peppers etc and
I'm not messing about with pots then
like I did last year I'm not doing that
again ever
okay look at these beauties shallots
they are all fired it was that little
one man that didn't think was gonna fire
but it has I've got a full bed of a huge
amount of him and this one looks like
there's six coming off each it's good
onions I had a bit of a nightmare with
these I'm gonna put him in the old
started wilting on what it is is because
the trees that I put him in rather than
putting them in celtris singularly which
I'm gonna do next year to start them off
I put them in them big trays and you as
you saying as I pulled him out just
ripping the roots out I didn't think it
would matter but Christ it did and they
were all all wilting but you know what
they've come back now and I might be
with them garlic if you remember this
purple tips last year I was really the
water it worried about it and I think it
was blue star Dave who told me not to
panic I think that's just part of the
the varieties a solid way well all of
them are done on it last year and I did
really well saw the blue tips are good
for me this year
and dry beans has now started to flower
I've got bees buzzing everywhere you can
see God so I got that one missing the
Brendon and Dale you're right I'm not
sleeping at night because of that one
but it didn't go here if you can eat a
buzzing noise let's see if it does it
bother me no it's not gonna do okay
beans it off you get beans that off
we're expecting a frost and so I'm a
little bit concerned about these but
these are runner beans and they're a
little bit harder than French beans so
we'll see how that goes
rhubarb now then there's a lesson here
for everyone
these ones are the ones that I split
last year
last autumn and they are now shooting up
some big thick stalks you can see them
these are the ones that I didn't split
and these are tiny tiny that stalks of
this lot along here a lot I'm gonna tech
stuff off it this year he's gonna get
split I have got my potatoes are coming
up again I'm gonna put a little bit of
fleece on this I mean forecast two
degrees and that's on Friday and it
might change before then and if it
doesn't I'm gonna come on put a little
bit of fleece over the top of these
these are the Italian all rounder done
Luce and Lindsey delicatessen coming up
I have to put my main crop in as you
know and I think I've got a couple of
Shores not a lot of them showing now so
there you go I think these brendham you
said to me last year doesn't it feel
great when you start putting structures
up and it really doesn't but we'll see
how their mother beans go up I'm not
holding my breath but you know what I
can start him again this is I think this
is everybody knows I'm the most
impatient grower in the world it's not
in Great Britain and a nifty fail then
you know I'll just start some get in the
greenhouse and I have got my wigwams up
for my fridge beans they go can hear
that buzzing then it's a mouldy Terrence
we've got mold and we're not bullies
into the ground it frightens them away
he says okay guys that's it I've got a
crack on and I've got to put some oh
hang on beetroot beetroot to come in off
the plant these direct
okay I've got four lovely roars there
that are coming up I've put two in each
row four inches apart and I'm gonna get
rid of the the one this is the weaker
one and carrots only so on one raw so I
know which of the weeds and I'm gonna
saw another raw and then in a
fortnight's after that another raw and
another raw and then I got it covered
okay then guys that's it for now look at
them structures speak to y'all soon